Add s3 endpoint instructions for admin use case (#323)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: kfp-admin-guide.md

- [Enable Log Archival](#enable-log-archival)
- [Enable Auto Strip for End of File newlines](#enable-auto-strip-for-end-of-file-newlines)
- [Customize Artifact Image to do your own post processing](#customize-artifact-image-to-do-your-own-post-processing)

> - [Change S3 Endpoint for KFP Tekton artifacts](#change-s3-endpoint-for-kfp-tekton-artifacts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Customize S3 Endpoint for KFP Tekton artifacts](#change-s3-endpoint-for-kfp-tekton-artifacts)
```

- `inject_default_script`: A set of default script that convert the artifact annotations into `sh` script. We recommend to disable it if using a custom artifact image. 

Then update the default [kfp-tekton configmap](/manifests/kustomize/env/platform-agnostic/kfp-pipeline-config.yaml) and patch it with the commands below:
```shell
kubectl apply -f manifests/kustomize/env/platform-agnostic/kfp-pipeline-config.yaml -n kubeflow
kubectl rollout restart deploy/ml-pipeline -n kubeflow
```

## Change S3 Endpoint for KFP Tekton artifacts

> By default, Kubeflow pipeline stores its pipeline artifacts to the Minio storage in the same cluster. To change this storage to an external S3 endpoint, update the default [kfp-tekton configmap](/manifests/kustomize/env/platform-agnostic/kfp-pipeline-config.yaml) and S3 credential secret then patch them with the commands below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kubeflow Pipelines store pipeline artifacts to the S3 compatible Minio storage server in the same Kubernetes cluster. To change this storage to an external S3 endpoint, update the default [kfp-tekton configmap](/manifests/kustomize/env/platform-agnostic/kfp-pipeline-config.yaml) and S3 credential secret then patch them with the commands below.
```
